Fully use varints (#26)
tlswg/draft-ietf-tls-ctls: draft-rescorla-tls-ctls.md

     opaque foo<1..V>;
~~~~~

> In cTLS replaces all the integers in TLS (including code points) with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cTLS replaces all the integers in TLS (including code points) with
```

> cTLS replaces all the integers in TLS (including code points) with
> varints; we do not show the structures which only change in this way.

Reviewer 2: One thing I noticed when I tried to implement this is: If an implementation implements `opaque` as `vector<uint8>`, then the `uint8` entries might expand.  In general, it seems like there's no point to applying `varint` to `uint8`, since it only hurts.  Suggest:

```suggestion
cTLS uses the varint encoding for all multi-byte integers in TLS,
including:

* Values of type uint16, uint24, uint32, uint64
* Array and vector entries of these types
* Encoded lengths for vectors that allow more than 255 entries
* Enums that allow more than 255 entries

Values of type uint8, opaque values, and one-byte enums are not
affected.  We do not show the structures which only change in this way.
```
